COMPATIBILITY

    This code is intended for use with Linux 2.6.xx, 3.x and
    hopefully all future kernels.

INSTALLATION

    If you are using git version of the project you need extra step.

    ./autogen.sh

    After that, and everyone using .tar.xz version of procps-ng, can
    do normal build.  Read './configure --help' to select options for
    your needs.

    ./configure
    make
    make install

    If you have DejaGNU installed you can run optional test suite.

    make check

HOW TO CONTRIBUTE

    See Documentation/BUGS file.

PACKAGING

    If you are a downstream maintainer (packager) for a Linux
    distribution, please avoid causing troubles.  This section
    applies to you.

    Avoid maintaining distribution specific patches.  Send your
    patches to upstream, where they are at least reviewed, if not
    included.

    Please forward bug reports. If your bug database is public and
    busy enough to bother with, please make this known.  Follow
    Debian's lead in making the bug database easy to comment on via
    email without need for an account.

    For normal packages, ensure that you do not add debugging flags
    to the CFLAGS variable.

TRANSLATING MAN PAGES
    There is a three-step process for translating man pages. Most
    of the work happens in the man-po directory.

    make -C man-po translate-templates
    Creates the translation templates (the .pot files) for translators
    to use as a base. These, along with the tar file, should be sent
    to the tp-coorindator before release.

    make get-trans
    rsyncs the latest translated (.po) files for both the programs and
    man pages.

    make -C man-po translate-mans
    This is also called in the dist-hook and is where the translation
    magic happens. Take the original man page, the relevant .po file
    and produce a translated man page in that language.
    All of the man pages generated are found in
    man-po/(LANG)/man(SECTION)/
UPSTREAM & BUG REPORTS

    procps-ng <procps@freelists.org>
